docs(astro): Add multi-framework example for $userStore (#1441)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/astro/user-store.mdx

# `$userStore`

> The `$userStore` store provides a convenient way to access current [`User`](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/user/user) data and helper methods for managing the active user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$userStore` store provides a convenient way to access current [`User`](/docs/references/javascript/user/user){{ target: '_blank' }} data and helper methods for managing the active user.
```

## How to use the `$userStore` store

### Retrieve the current user data

The following example demonstrates how to use the `$userStore` store to access the `User` object. It returns `undefined` while Clerk is still loading and `null` if the user is not signed in.

> For more information, see the [`User` reference.](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/user/user#user-object)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [`User` reference.](/docs/references/javascript/user/user#user-object){{ target: '_blank' }}
```

    }

    if (user === null) {
      return <div>Not signed in</div>
    }

    return <div>Hello {user.fullName}!</div>
  }
  ```

  ```vue {{ filename: 'user.vue' }}
  <script setup>
  import { useStore } from '@nanostores/vue'
  import { $userStore } from '@clerk/astro/client'

  const user = useStore($userStore)
  </script>

  <template>
    <div v-if="user === undefined">
      <!-- Handle loading state however you like -->
    </div>
    <div v-else-if="user === null">Not signed in</div>
    <div v-else>Hello {{ user.fullName }}!</div>
  </template>
  ```

  ```svelte {{ filename: 'user.svelte' }}
  <script>
    // The $ prefix is reserved in Svelte for its own reactivity system.
    // Alias the imports to avoid conflicts.
    import { $userStore as user } from '@clerk/astro/client'
  </script>

  {#if $user === undefined}
    <!-- Handle loading state however you like -->
  {:else if $user === null}
    <div>Not signed in</div>
  {:else}
    <div>Hello {$user.fullName}!</div>
  {/if}
  ```
</CodeBlockTabs>

### Update the current user data

The following example demonstrates how to use the `$userStore` store to update the current user's data on the client side.

> For more information on the `update()` method, see the [`User` reference.](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/user/user#update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the `update()` method, see the [`User` reference.](/docs/references/javascript/user/user#update){{ target: '_blank' }}
```

    })
  }
  </script>

  <template>
    <div v-if="user === undefined">
      <!-- Handle loading state however you like -->
    </div>

    <div v-else-if="user !== null">
      <button @click="updateUser">Click me to update your name</button>
      <p>user.firstName: {{ user.firstName }}</p>
      <p>user.lastName: {{ user.lastName }}</p>
    </div>
  </template>
  ```

  ```svelte {{ filename: 'user.svelte' }}
  <script>
    // The $ prefix is reserved in Svelte for its own reactivity system.
    // Alias the imports to avoid conflicts.
    import { $userStore as user } from '@clerk/astro/client'

    const updateUser = async () => {
      await $user.update({
        firstName: 'John',
        lastName: 'Doe',
      })
    }
  </script>

  {#if $user === undefined}
    <!-- Handle loading state however you like -->
  {:else if $user !== null}
    <button on:click={updateUser}>Click me to update your name</button>
    <p>user.firstName: {$user.firstName}</p>
    <p>user.lastName: {$user.lastName}</p>
  {/if}
  ```
</CodeBlockTabs>

### Reload user data

The following example demonstrates how to use the `$userStore` store to reload the current user's data on the client side.

> For more information on the `reload()` method, see the [`User` reference.](https://clerk.com/docs/references/javascript/user/user#reload)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the `reload()` method, see the [`User` reference.](/docs/references/javascript/user/user#reload){{ target: '_blank' }}
```
